add secrets management docs (#1064)
checkly/docs.checklyhq.com: site/content/docs/cli/command-line-reference.md

### `npx checkly env pull`

> Export global environment variables from your Checkly account to a local `.env` file or a different file of your choice. For secrets, only the key will be exported, not the value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Export global variables from your Checkly account to a local `.env` file or a different file of your choice. For secrets, only the key will be exported, not the value.
```

```bash
npx checkly env pull -f
```
Pull all global variables to the `.env` file and overwrite it if it already exists.

### `npx checkly env ls`

List global variables. This command does not list  variables on group or check level. For secrets, only the key name will be shown, not its value.

```bash
checkly env ls
```

### `npx checkly env add`

Add a global variable.

```bash
checkly env add [KEY] [VALUE] [-l | -s] 
```

- `KEY`: Environment variable key.
- `VALUE`: Environment variable value.
- `--locked` or `-l`: Indicate that the environment variable will be locked, making it private to all read only users.
- `--secret` or `-s`: Indicate that the environment variable will be created as a secret. 

### `npx checkly env update`

Update a global variable.

```bash
checkly env update [KEY] [VALUE] [-l]
```

- `KEY`: Variable key.
- `VALUE`: Variable value.

> - `--locked` or `-l`: Indicate that the variable will be locked,  making it private to all read only users.

Reviewer 2: During update teh `--secret` or `-s` is required, otherwise  it will fail

Author: Updated, have a look.

### `npx checkly env ls`

> List global environment variables. This command does not list environment variables on group or check level. For secrets, only the key will be shown, not the value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
List global variables. This command does not list  variables on group or check level. For secrets, only the key name will be shown, not its value.
```

Author: Isn't the key the 'name' in a key-value pair? This reads like salsa sauce to me 😄

Reviewer: It is, but the key in a very general way can refer to either. Given that we mention the "value", I thought it made sense to also specify the "name".
